# <div align="center"> An EU ECOLOPES Project </div>
-----
*Ownership and Development Team: [Softaiyazilim.com](https://www.softaiyazilim.com)*


<span style="font-size:6pt;">

This initiative, known as the **ECOLOPES** EU Project, Action number 964414, is the brainchild of <span style="background-color: yellow; color: red; padding: 2px; font-weight: bold;"> Softaiyazilim.com</span> and the dedicated [Softaiyazilim.com](https://www.softaiyazilim.com) . The project was skillfully crafted for Vienna Technical University under the guidance of the esteemed senior researcher, Assoc. Mehmet Akif CIFCI, along with his proficient team.

</span>


----

# Unveiling the ECOLOPES Project

The **ECOLOPES** Project is a pioneering venture meticulously designed to revolutionize integrated ecosystem architecture. Its focus is creating inclusive living spaces for humans, plants, animals, and associated organisms within urban environments.

**ECOLOPES Concept:** Reimagining architecture, ECOLOPES introduces multi-species living spaces that envelop humans, plants, animals, and microbiota within building envelopes [4] [5].

**Project Goals:** Funded by the European Union, the ECOLOPES Project strives to amplify human-nature interaction in cities. It aims to transform building envelopes into harmonious habitats for various species, fostering regenerative urban ecosystems [3].

**Approach:** ECOLOPES adopts a revolutionary multi-species design approach, challenging traditional anthropocentric views in architecture. It ensures equal consideration for humans, plants, animals, and microbes [10].

**Research Focus:** Assessing human well-being, thermal comfort, and building blocks analysis within these multi-species living spaces, ECOLOPES emphasizes the symbiotic relationship between all inhabitants [6].

**Impact:** By seamlessly integrating nature into urban infrastructure, ECOLOPES promotes ecological balance and ushers in a new era of sustainable architecture, fostering coexistence between humans and the environment.

### Additional Information

To convert a `.ui` file generated by Qt Designer to Python code, use the following command:

```bash
python -m PyQt5.uic.pyuic -x name.ui -o name_design.py
```

Command breakdown:

- `python`: Specifies Python commands execution.
- `-m PyQt5.uic.pyuic`: Runs the `pyuic` module from PyQt5 for converting `.ui` files.
- `-x`: Allows `pyuic` to directly generate an executable Python script.
- `name.ui`: Replace with the Qt Designer `.ui` file name.
- `-o name_design.py`: Specifies the output file for the generated Python code.

Example command:

```bash
python -m PyQt5.uic.pyuic -x mainwindow.ui -o mainwindow_design.py
```

For inquiries, visit [LinkedIn Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/themanoftalent).
[Softaiyazilim.com](https://www.softaiyazilim.com)


For More

ABOUT
ECOlogical building enveLOPES: a game-changing design approach for regenerating urban ecosystems
Urbanization constitutes a major environmental issue of the 21st century. Within cities, densification, the decrease of green open spaces, and a continued reliance on grey infrastructure approaches result in increasing separation of people from nature and decreased access to ecosystem services. This decreases the livability of cities and reduces human well-being. Current approaches fall short in providing breakthrough solutions, because they perpetuate the human-nature dichotomy due to anthropocentric design. In ECOLOPES we propose a radical change for city development: instead of minimizing the negative impact of urbanisation on nature, we aim at urbanization to be planned and designed such that nature – including humans – can co-evolve within the city. We envisage a radically new integrated ecosystem approach to architecture that focuses equally on humans, plants, animals, and associated organisms such as microbiota. Over the next few years, ECOLOPES will provide the technology that will help to achieve this vision.
In ECOLOPES, we focus on the envelope, the building enclosure. We will transform the envelope into an ecolope, a multi-species living space for four types of inhabitants, humans, plants, animals, and microbiota. ECOLOPES will develop the core technologies for designing ecolopes in a systematic way, considering the needs of both humans, as well as of plants, animals and beneficial microbes. ECOLOPES will make biological knowledge available for the architectural design process, to find architectural solutions that enable synergies and limit conflicts between the inhabitants. The ecolopes designed by this multi-species approach will restore the beneficial human – nature relationships in cities.
A key element of ECOLOPES will be an Information Model that integrates ecological and architectural knowledge, data and models into a data-integrated design recommendation system. The ECOLOPES Information Model will guide the development of the ECOLOPES Computational modelling and simulation environment, to make biological and architectural knowledge available for design.
https://ecolopes.org/

